

How to make character rotate in direction of movement?
https://answers.unity.com/questions/1065763/how-to-make-character-rotate-in-direction-of-movem.html



Face forward direction of movement
https://answers.unity.com/questions/46845/face-forward-direction-of-movement.html


Checking rotation direction
https://forum.unity.com/threads/checking-rotation-direction.437670/



Proper Velocity-Based Movement 101
https://forum.unity.com/threads/proper-velocity-based-movement-101.462598/



How to make character rotate in the direction of movement and direction of the camera?
https://answers.unity.com/questions/1409883/how-to-make-character-rotate-in-the-direction-of-m.html



https://github.com/gantzy/gatsby-starter-foundation/blob/876a2def0de6105cd66178a379ce9a0fca1eeaa8/src/content/posts/2021-03-01-moba-style-movement-with-unity-character-rotation.md




Unity C# : Character Control - Rotate and move forward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VslgzNfibhs&ab_channel=aboutgamemaking



How to make character face direction of travel?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58027133/how-to-make-character-face-direction-of-travel



Rotating Character
https://answers.unity.com/questions/129411/rotating-character.html



Rotate character to face direction of movement
https://answers.unity.com/questions/622608/rotate-character-to-face-direction-of-movement.html



How do I face my character in the direction the player is moving?
https://answers.unity.com/questions/432876/how-do-i-face-my-character-in-the-direction-the-pl.html




Have a character face their moving direction?
https://answers.unity.com/questions/46970/have-a-character-face-their-moving-direction.html


Get character to face direction of movement C#
https://forum.unity.com/threads/get-character-to-face-direction-of-movement-c.186910/


Unity NavMesh Tutorial - Animated Character
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blPglabGueM&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6&index=31&ab_channel=Brackeys


Unity 2019 Rotate To Direction Movement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xsiP5IEN4g&ab_channel=DDreamingGame



Rotating in the Direction of Movement 2D (Unity Tutorial)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gs7y2b0xthU&ab_channel=KetraGames



Rotating a Character in the Direction of Movement (Unity Tutorial)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJzYGsMcy8Q&ab_channel=KetraGames




Unity FPS Tutorial #6 - Rotate Character in the Direction of Movement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZF_cYu48rg&ab_channel=CodeProf




REALISTIC Foot Placement Using IK in Unity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGB1ipH6DrM&t=1580s&ab_channel=b3agz




Character Controller Not Moving in the Direction its Facing
https://forum.unity.com/threads/character-controller-not-moving-in-the-direction-its-facing.478445/




how to CORRECTLY position and rotate a gameobject in unity
https://answers.unity.com/questions/991257/differences-between-the-various-ways-of-rotating-a.html


Unity Open World #17 - Smooth Rotation Towards Movement Direction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hl92EYdm02o&ab_channel=CodeLikeMe_Unity